#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   pydantic
    #   spacy-models
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
blessings==1.7
    # via dwdsmor
blis==1.2.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   requests
    #   spacy-models
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   requests
    #   spacy-models
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   weasel
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
conllu==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cupy-cuda12x==12.3.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
dwdsmor==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastrlock==0.8.3
    # via
    #   cupy-cuda12x
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
gdex @ git+https://github.com/zentrum-lexikographie/gdex.git@v1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hf-xet==1.1.4
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy-models
huggingface-hub[cli]==0.33.0
    # via
    #   dwdsmor
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   requests
    #   spacy-models
inquirerpy==0.3.4
    # via huggingface-hub
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
jsonstream==0.0.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
language-data==1.3.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   langcodes
    #   spacy-models
lingua-language-detector==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   language-data
    #   spacy-models
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   jinja2
    #   spacy-models
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   sympy
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   cupy-cuda12x
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pfzy==0.3.4
    # via inquirerpy
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via inquirerpy
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   confection
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   pydantic
    #   spacy-models
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via dwdsmor
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   somajo
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
sfst-transduce==1.2.1
    # via dwdsmor
six==1.17.0
    # via blessings
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   weasel
somajo==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy[cuda12x,transformers]==3.8.7
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
spacy-alignments==0.9.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
spacy-models @ git+https://github.com/zentrum-lexikographie/spacy-models@v2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdex
spacy-transformers==1.3.9
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dwdsmor
thinc==8.3.4
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   spacy-transformers
triton==3.3.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gdex
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   spacy-models
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   pydantic
    #   spacy-models
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   requests
    #   spacy-models
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.4.1
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-models
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   gdex
    #   smart-open
    #   spacy-models

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
